Add setup experience overview documentation (#46298)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Contributing/architecture/mdm/setup-experience-overview.md

# Setup Experience Overview

Setup experience lets newly enrolled hosts be configured with all the MDM profiles, software, and scripts that they would need. And optionally block them from completing setup until requirements like all required software being installed are met.

## Summary

Setup experience has various triggers depending on the platform and MDM enrollment. After enrollment, orbit goes through end user authentication, then calls the `/api/fleet/orbit/setup_experience/init` endpoint which causes the Fleet server to queue up the relevant items in the `setup_experience_status_results` table with pending statuses. For ADE enrollments, Fleet enqueues the items when handling the `TokenUpdate` request. 

The orbit `SetupExperiencer` config receiver runs every 30s and requests the current setup experience status. This status lets orbit know if config profiles, software installers and scripts are still pending or finished while those happen asynchronously through MDM and unified queue activities. Once all items are completed, the end user can exit setup experience.

## Enqueuing items

> Fleet enqueues relevant software installers, VPP apps, and scripts during ADE enrollment or after orbit calls `setup_experience/init`. This is what the end user sees on the web UI. When Fleet processes a `TokenUpdate` request with `AwaitingConfiguration==true` for ADE enrollments, it enqueues MDM items (profiles, bootstrap package, account configurations) as MDM commands in the nanomdm command queue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fleet enqueues relevant software installers, VPP apps, and scripts during MDM enrollment for Apple hosts or after orbit calls `setup_experience/init` for Windows and Linux hosts. This is what the end user sees on the web UI.
```

These activities run in order, but they don't directly interact with the setup experience which is why the setup experience receiver polls for status. The results from software installs, script runs, or VPP installs are responsible for updating the setup experience status for that item. See [software installation](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/blob/main/docs/Contributing/architecture/software/software-installation.md) for how Fleet installs software on hosts while setup experience is running.

> ## Platform differences

Author: Most of this `Platform differences` section is AI generated. From what I can tell by the code this seems right, but I'm not 100% sure.

### Windows

Windows enrollment goes through the Enrollment Status Page (ESP). Setup experience is driven by orbit: when a Windows host is awaiting configuration, Fleet sets `RunSetupExperience` in orbit's config response, and orbit calls `/api/fleet/orbit/setup_experience/init` to enqueue items. Fleet does not push profiles as part of setup experience on Windows. The device is held in the ESP based on the enrollment's `awaiting_configuration` state until the installs complete (or fail/time out), not merely until `init` is called. Only software installers are supported on Windows; scripts are macOS-only.

### Linux

Linux has no MDM, so there is no MDM command path at all. Setup experience starts when orbit calls `/api/fleet/orbit/setup_experience/init` on boot, and the same 30s polling loop drives software installs (no scripts).

> ### iOS/iPadOS

Reviewer: I would add a section here for macOS which only enqueues on ADE with TokenUpdate=true. Something like

```
### macOS

When Fleet processes a `TokenUpdate` request with `AwaitingConfiguration==true` for ADE enrollments, which indicates a host waiting for commands during setup assistant, it enqueues MDM items (profiles, bootstrap package, orbit installer, account configuration) as MDM commands in the nanomdm command queue and software in the unified queue. Manual enrollments, ADE enrollments without AwaitingConfiguration=true(e.g. `sudo profiles renew -type enrollment`), and AB MDM migration enrollments do not enqueue Setup Experience items, only profiles and an orbit install.
```

> iOS and iPadOS don't run orbit, so there is no polling loop and no `init` endpoint. Fleet only enqueues VPP apps for setup experience items on the first `TokenUpdate`. The release worker on the Fleet server polls internally until every item is done before sending `DeviceConfigured` to exit Setup Assistant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
iOS and iPadOS don't run orbit, so there is no polling loop, no `init` endpoint and no step-by-step display. Fleet only enqueues VPP apps for setup experience items on the first `TokenUpdate`. The release worker on the Fleet server polls internally until every item is done before sending `DeviceConfigured` to exit Setup Assistant for ADE-enrolling devices. Devices that manually enroll via profile or Account-Driven User Enrollment will see setup experience apps install in the background after enrollment 
```
